Suggestions for describe repositories (#88)
aau-giraf/wiki: Repositories/repository_discription.md

# Repositories

> There are many different repositories in the GIRAF project, but most of them are archived as of 2019. In this section a short desribtion of each repository will be presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different repositories in the GIRAF project, but most of them are archived as of 2019. This section  describes first all active repositories and then the archived so it is easy to see what the repositories contain.
```

## Active repositories

> These repositories are those that as of 2019 are in actively used in the Giraf project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These repositories are those that as of 2019 are active in the Giraf project. 
```

The backend Restfull API for the Giraf Project. The API is a .net-core project written in C#. The wiki should be updated so it always reflect the current status of the other repositories as well as other relevant artifacts. 

### wiki 
The wiki repository containing information about the GIRAF project, including information for people starting out with GIRAF.

### api_client
API client for Flutter to communicate with the web-api (2019: Only weekplanner uses flutter). This is a Dart package that can be used to implement communication with the web-api in any flutter project. Earlier the api_client was located in the weekplanner repository, but it is now used as a package so it can be used in other applications. 

### weekplanner
The Weekplanner is an application to create and maintain a week schedule of a citizen. This schedule shows a plan of the activities due for the day/week of a citizen and is essentially an important tool. It is a digitalisation of an already existing week plan that the guardians maintain on a pin-up board at the instituions. The weekplanner repository contains the Flutter Weekplanner application that is used to compile to both iOS and Android devices.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here follows the archived repositories.

```
